Define Data Collections used in the spec (#1102)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Appendix A -- Notation Conventions.md

Note: Algorithms described in this document are written to be easy to
understand. Implementers are encouraged to include equivalent but optimized
implementations.

## Data Collections

This specification describes the semantic properties of data collections using
types like "list", "set" and "map". These describe observable data collections
such as the result of applying a grammar and the inputs and outputs of
algorithms. They also describe unobservable data collections such as temporary
data internal to an algorithm. Each data collection type defines the operations
available, and whether values are unique or ordered.

**List**

:: The term _list_ describes a sequence of values which may not be unique. A

> list is ordered unless explicitly stated otherwise (as an "unordered list"). For

Reviewer: I am not sure "unordered list" makes sense. I mean the ability to iterate over something in well defined way, meaning it can be viewed as a sequence of elements, implies an order in my view.

You could maybe argue that unordered list means the order could change with each iteration, but not sure that is helpful in our context.

Maybe we can get rid of "unordered list"?

Author: We don't have any examples of unordered lists being referenced the spec currently, as far as I know. Though [the List wrapper type](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sec-List) only dictates that the _serialized_ result is an ordered list, it doesn't specifically, as far as I know, require that the underlying list is ordered.

A common example of an unordered list that might be exposed through GraphQL would be the result of "select * from my_table;" in SQL - this SQL statement has no implicit ordering, and thus may be returned in any order, each time you issue the query you may get a different result even without the underlying data having changed.

I think we should reserve space to reference this concept.

Reviewer 2: Do we need to reserve space now? It's not part of the query language or anything where backward compatibility would be super important. We could always reserve space if/when we need the concept? As of today, I agree it's not really helpful if not used in the spec itself.

Reviewer 2: Resolving this conversation as there are no "unordered lists" in the current version of the pull request.

clarity the term "ordered list" may be used when an order is semantically
important.

**Set**

> :: The term _set_ describes a unique collection of values, where each value is
> considered a "member" of that set. A set is unordered unless explicitly stated

Reviewer 2: Is it the collection that is unique or its content? Having "unique collection" feels like the former to me (but maybe it's a thing?).

Tentative disambiguation:
```suggestion
:: The term _set_ describes a unique collection of values. Each value is
considered a "member" of that set and must be unique in the set. A set is unordered unless explicitly stated
```

Note: Algorithms described in this document are written to be easy to
understand. Implementers are encouraged to include equivalent but optimized
implementations.

## Data Collections

> A data collection is a finite, iterable aggregation of elements whose iteration

Author: Why 'aggregation'?

- collection: tautology - "a data collection is a collection"
- set: we define "set" below, so using set here would introduce ambiguity
- group: evokes group theory, best avoided
- assembly: technically correct, but feels unnatural

Reviewer 3: I removed this in editorial.

My thinking is that any reader of this spec does not need to learn what a data collection is in general (though fwiw, wikipedia does use the term "group"). 

What is important for us to clearly state is what aspects of that data collection is normative
